Scheduler: describe selectionEnd APIs (#8695)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxScheduler/9 Types/SelectionEndEvent/selectedCellData.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> An array of objects that describe the selected cells.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array of objects that identify selected cells.
```

---

> Each object in the array contains the following properties describing a selected cell:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each object in the array contains the following properties that identify a selected cell:
```

- `startDate` - the cell's start date and time.
- `endDate` - the cell's end date and time.
- `allDay` - indicates whether the cell belongs to the all-day panel.
- `groups` - the resource groups the cell belongs to.

> The array items are ordered from the first selected cell to the last. Use `selectedCellData[0].startDate` and `selectedCellData[selectedCellData.length - 1].endDate` to obtain the start and end of the full selected range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Array items are ordered from the first selected cell to the last. Use `selectedCellData[0].startDate` and `selectedCellData[selectedCellData.length - 1].endDate` to obtain the start and end of the full selected range.
```
